HTMLCollections -> HTMLCollection (#31292)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlcollection/index.md

## Usage in JavaScript

> `HTMLCollection` also exposes its members directly as properties by both name and index. HTML IDs may contain `:` and `.` as valid characters, which would necessitate using bracket notation for property access. Currently `HTMLCollection` does not recognize purely numeric IDs, which would cause conflict with the array-style access, though HTML5 does permit these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`HTMLCollection` also exposes its members as properties by name and index. HTML IDs may contain `:` and `.` as valid characters, which would necessitate using bracket notation for property access. Currently, an `HTMLCollection` object does not recognize purely numeric IDs, which would cause conflict with the array-style access, though HTML does permit these.
```

Author: Time to argue over grammar. It was already fine and read better than the suggestion IMO.
